his Fury knows no bounds that is the
Force Commander here of FLW for the
Space Marines he's going to be facing
off against funny manter youu and his
Lord commissar probably the only guy the
other humanoid that can go toe to- Toe
with Space Marines in met combat this
guy's a beast very handy to have if you
find the Space Marines mostly due to
That Power sword upgrade in tier one
it's funny man to you going Tri Paul
Gman what on Earth this is extremely
unusual you would think this is in the
rework build for
IG there was a a test build recently
just an initial one it's definitely not
finalized there's going to be multiple
iterations I imagine in which the
Sentinel will be removed from tier one
for the Imperial Guard I mean oh God I
could do a whole video ranting on about
the design problems of Imperial Guard
under the under Relic basically and the
elite mod been running with that because
the elite mod never wanted to stray too
far from the original vanilla game but I
feel like we've had enough scope now
we've got Auto malas to a reasonable
design position it makes sense to try
and rework IG and get rid of a lot of
their most obnoxious tools such as the
Centinal pressure in tier one which you
kind of just have to grit your teeth and
withstand cuz you're never going to be
able to kill a sentinel of a competent
player in tier one
really um spotters which counter setup
teams with basically no
counter player whatsoever and cishan
which Just One V one everything it's not
that IG are op they're not and there are
ways around it but they're just
generally very unfun to fight against
and so there is an attempt to rework
them so if you want to have your say in
regards to that please join the
community Discord and comment on it I'm
sure there will be additional test
Builds on the way in relation to this
and uh I might even get a bit of
gameplay of it on the YouTube channel as
well because it is going to be one of
the most important changes for the mod
to be honest to rework one of the
fundamental races in the game is very
very important but Gman very lucky to
get out alive there picked up their
flamers early got at least one gen maybe
two I'm not even sure too busy rambling
Gman here only having six models going
to get the Decap and Retreat I'm sure
unfortunately losing one of the models
now they're staying in the action wow
I'm surprised they definitely don't want
to be tangoing with tactical Space
Marines oh there's a l commissar here to
help them out I suppose that's why
they've stayed in the action but without
this sge they're not really great
combatants at least You' got the sge
over here on this GMA Squad should be
able to deal with these Scouts honestly
a bit surprised the Scouts of FL went
back in that direction where they knew
Thee the uh upgraded Sergeant gsman were
he must have known that he wouldn't be
able to take them on One V one well he's
gone for the upgrade on the on the sge
but misses his grenade and really that's
not really very helpful at all still
going to trade quite poorly against
Guardsman a strcture
no blow will
go totally just press the wrong button
there I was trying to mute so I could
cough and I uh I pressed the windows hot
key that was
OD we
shall oh looks like the Gman got caught
out there with the scouts in heavy cover
Guardsman out in the open now getting
beaten up by Scout karate k
but generally I think this is an okay
fight for the gsman because the rear
ones often shoot their last guns and
they just outnumber the scouts but let's
see no they're
losing gasman getting wrecked Scouts
here wow that
was quite fortunate that he had already
retreated with those Guardsmen I think
if he got the knock back there from the
shotgun blast and a little bit of Spike
damage that would have been a few more
gasman lost don't think it would have
been a wipe so I guess it's not that
that big of a deal but always helps when
you can bleed the IG as F armor coming
out for Floy he's gone for a Devastator
Squad Devastators can rotate and deal
with these Gman
flanking oh he just got out of the Arc
of Fire very
cheeky flame is actually doing some
pretty nice damage against the
Devastators there a lot better than any
last guns would do but yeah attack are
there to save the Dayman got to get out
of there is fun you just going for a
fast tech he must be right understood
probably going to n this nor flam on the
attacks means they won't be able to
destroy these power nods very quickly
without
the the flamer Space Marines are not
very good against Power NOS I guess the
shotguns can be okay but he's only got
one of
them
wary deploying War
gear so it has to be Chimera because
it's gone such a really fast tier
two it's kind of crazy that funny Manu
here has gone for the fast tier 2 yeah
he still up 100 VPS even without a lot
of the high pressure units from tier one
that IG gets the Power sword upgrade and
the commissar and of course the
center I don't really understand fully
upgrading Scouts against Triple
Guardsman that doesn't really make any
sense to me and I also don't understand
engaging with the scouts out of
infiltration here when he could have
just took the green cover from here and
then engaged them firstly he would have
had green cover secondly these guys
wouldn't have been able to shoot whilst
capping like they did just then so I'm
weird very strange choices there from FL
needs to redirect his Devastators into
the L come he does he catches him in
time fast primar pyer what on Earth so
the primar pyer he did get that Nerf
it's now a lot worse at dealing with
moving targets so you kind of have to CC
the enemy knock them over and then hit
them if you want to start hitting moving
targets but he can really punish setup
teams and that's probably why he's been
purchased given there run no spotters or
he can punish units that are just trying
to sit in green cover cuz his ability
his his passive attacks rather not his
ability they do actually ignore
cover so I guess that's why he's got him
to deal with the devs we'll be good
against
taxs in tier two Stern guard that kind
of
thing but I mean God he should know he's
really far ahead in Tech he's literally
spent zero power for God's
sake
whereas Flo spent crazy amounts well not
crazy but he certainly spent a fair bit
terrifying Visions coming out there
going to suppress the Devastators plasma
guns opening up Lord comesa getting into
melee honestly kind of Lucky for Flo to
even get that damn they out
alive FC probably wants to be tying up
the gasman right now with the plasma not
the gasman with the
flamers the enemy ising one of our vict
points oh this is nice he's just
delaying with the FC sneaking his
tactical Marines in down the side really
funny man to you should have seen this
coming he going to take the the nde with
the attack and then cap with the scouts
I guess nope he's changing his
mind flare really rather wasted there
I mean what that sto shooting for one
second who
cares not a good use of
red and he is going to get his plasma
guns eventually but they're taking their
time and you can see the L gun's not
really doing too much here to the
tacticals here come the plasmas bang
that did something instantly drops one
of the Tactical Space
Marines man plasma guns are so
good finally the first execute that
we've seen execute on flamer guardsman
trying to bash a little bit faster
probably could do with some attack
ground here from the primary Psy another
one of the Nerfs of the psyo was that he
had his sight range reduced for some
reason his sight range was super high
which basically meant that he his pacif
artillery attack range was it didn't
need any support now you actually need
to have your gasman out front seeing
things or infiltrated storm troopers
something like that to scout for you or
to spot for
you otherwise if you you can predict
where the enemy is and just attack
ground
and this is crazy Flo is actually the
one who's going to be getting the
vehicle out first here going for a razor
back now and that's going to be really
effective you haven't got a sentinel so
it's normally I always say don't go for
your vehicle as your first purchase
against IG why well the Sentinel alone
is amazing against transports when it
picks up the missile launcher it's so
fast the high HP P basically means it
can One V one them with a missile
launcher and then cians can get their
Sergeant who has a melter gun really
high damage melter gun also got Nerf
recently by the
way um and then you also have AV
transitional AV on literally every IG
hero you've got the melter pistol on The
Inquisitor You've Got the Power Fist on
the LC you've got the Melt guns on the
Lord General but the funny thing is that
right now all those things don't apply
well there is a potential of a power
Claw on a Lord commissar but that's why
he goes for a razor back and not a
dreadn right right pyer has no
transitional a whatsoever he is purely
an anti-infantry kind of tool and gsman
don't have any ranged upgrades either
we've got no Sentinel to threaten you so
the only problem really would be a heavy
weapons team coming out with a last
Cannon well there is also melter Storm
Troopers but honestly Mel Storm Troopers
as SM go tier two um tier two assault
Space Marines and then you can deal with
the met stes quite well you just
constantly make sure that your razor
back is close to your ASM and if it does
get ambushed drop the smoke on it so it
lasts a bit longer from the Mel guns and
then jump the Storm Troopers with your
ASM even if the Storm Troopers managed
to get a kill on the Razer back this is
an unupgraded Razer back it's relatively
cheap these guys with their melters are
not cheap and more importantly they
bleed quite a lot they're probably not
going to be very effective in combat
against the Space Marines but we'll see
these tacks are in a bad spot here yeah
a lot of damage coming out right right
now that's way too many Guardsmen and
triple plasmas that hurts Kar on the
flam of
Guardsman I like that cuz these guys are
the shorter ranged ones so they're going
to be losing their models faster oh he's
done them on both anyway oh this squad's
only got the commissar oh
cool yeah it doesn't have the sergeant
on this
one so he should have seen the Storm
Troopers there floor yeah he has so he's
backing off the r back automatically
nice
and yeah you can see here now that the
psyo isn't really doing very good fire
on the Move damage it's kind of
struggling against the scouts oh going
to get gibbed going to get killed oh
this is
rough that is rough Razer back coming
along for the assassination this is
looking very good for floor right now
Storm Troopers revealed themselves and
didn't get the kill on the Razer back so
now they've lost that surprise attack
advantage and going to lose the gsman
with the commissar as well potentially
now that might be a more effective
Slayer is that commissar going to
survive with 1 HP no he isn't he is
going to fall all right I think we need
to get some upgrades coming on the
commissar Jesus Flo is absolutely
smashing him right now what a beautiful
Grenade on those gsman there're feeding
lots of XP to the Space Marine forces
level three Force Commander is in play
Razer back is already nearly level two
devastate is coming back out again
and things looking good for Flo Flo
going tier three right now Flo is
feeling confident if we look at the VPS
Flo is up quite a lot actually 377 to
the 267 of funny man to U funny man you
was on the going for Orin that feels
kind
of that doesn't feel good cuz ogens are
going to probably end up bleeding he's
against a Force Commander you can't go
ogin all he has to do is get a
thunderhammer
oh no uh energy for the Mel bomb but
it's all right get some with the rear
armor so he just pick up the Razer
back tactical Marines trying to hide in
the
husk but not going to work cuz melter
guns actually ignore cover so it would
have protected them quite a bit from the
plasma but not the
melter is he going to go for TFC maybe
Terminator Force Commander could be
useful not
sure honestly I think I'd just go for
range Terminators and grab a thunder
hammer on my Force Commander to control
these
orens but
TFC actually just go Terminator for
Commander Go for Commander with a heavy
flame and you're absolutely going to
just destroy everything orins are tanky
and you certainly won't hurt them with
your stor Bol or or heavy flamer but it
doesn't really matter they they're not
going to do a lot of damage to the FC
you just doal with all the Infantry and
with the Orin last you can control the
or with your devs swap these tacks to
plasma get a Predator Tank out
afterwards maybe not pred
not with these guys already on the field
I suppose it's not really worth it our
fortifications are under assault just go
for termies TFC with a heavy flamer plus
range
Terminators not really sure what's going
to uh be able to beat that then just
keep the range Terminators as you
forward units cuz they can trade so well
with the
Guardsmen and then always have them
moving around areas where they can do a
soft Retreat into the firing Arc of the
Devastator so that the orens can't just
charge them down simply
cuz if the or t r Terminators in melee
whilst plasma is firing in then that
would be a bad spot for the
Terminators the enemy I think the or
struggle to know whether to deal with
the TFC or whether to deal with the
Terminators if it's melee Terminators I
think this is bad yeah
why any melee Terminators steal
vins the melee Terminators are just not
going to be able to Output a lot of
damage to the Gman
whatsoever melter Storm Troopers can
help contribute with dpsing them down
and kiting
them yeah I I don't know I don't like
it I think range Terminators would have
been a lot more effective in this
instance but we'll
see I really don't know why he hasn't
got the Thunder
Hammer if he doesn't want Force
Commander upgrades that would have m too
much
sense nice little Ambush there with the
m Storm Troopers hey even got mod of the
devs probably going to go for the gens
down or the VP there's no gen so they're
going to go for power nard
supp really double ugin no that can't be
intentional surely even with the a
discipline you got no chance they'll
just pick up lightning Claws and rip
them to pieces I don't know why Flor
tried to rebuild the power Nord there
but it worked and he even managed to get
these to Troopers to commit for too long
and lose two models for God's
sake
Jesus that's a bit
bizarre funny M 's got a lot of
resources return what would I get if I
was fun him on to
you I don't know he really needs to get
a tank but he's so far off
there just keep focusing on these points
and get the uh the power node on them
he's still he's got the attack flamer to
bash the power nod quite fast but that's
all floor really should be saving up for
TFC I think is the more pertinent choice
right
now be very heavy
impact I think Aura of discipline on the
commissar would be useful with the orins
but it's not really going to change
things that much especially when the
commissar himself doesn't have any
weapon upgrades
I don't know why he's been running
around with no War gear upgrades on the
commissar it doesn't really make any
sense playing triple Guardsman no War
gear any commissar very
odd these Storm Troopers are absolutely
obsessed with the
gens honestly funone to use behind VPS
I'd be focusing more on them I mean they
do kill Jens fast M the Storm Troopers
but
still power not a huge concern and it is
still
relevant so it is definitely going to be
a nine
floor oh he goes through the grenade not
the shotgun blast
huh feel like the stor Troopers probably
could have stayed in play a bit longer
there I don't know I guess the shotgun
blast would have come next
anyway obviously or the M can't do
anything against Terminators in melee
that would be ridiculous and yeah we got
the TFC did he just use
bakry that's
weird so if anyman you takes the
opportunity to get to tier three I guess
he has to get a neemon Russ there's
nothing else really that would do
anything kaskin they'd be nice but
they're not going to solve all the
problems I don't think it's enough range
DPS to
help well to deal with the Terminators
on their own I think you need to get a
executioner Cannon Leman Russ
out but the problem is that funman to
use already below 150
VPS so the pressure's on pressure's on
can he get it in time let's see whoops
let's see where his power's
at yeah he needs a fair bit more to be
honest he does have a full gen F so it
should be trickling in at a decent rate
and once again he's bashing it's
absolutely obsessed with
bashing needs to go for the VPS
now so the good think for funny man U is
that Flo seems to have lost a lot of
units and he's not that mobile
Terminator has not been able to retreat
definitely slows down the r of which he
can sort of swap between each side of
the
map nice little flank there from the
Storm Troopers going to get rid of the
devs isap
load comes back into the middle kills an
Oren and leaves
probably would be a good idea to swap
these or to buens afterwards I just
don't think the ogens are doing a whole
lot right now one of the primary
advantages of ogens over benss for melee
fights and the reason why usually Orin
actually do better than benss in melee
fights is the use your Ed ability from
the bonee
head leader of the Ogen Squad doing on
demand knockback twice in a MiFi is huge
but Terminators are immune to such melee
knockback so it's going to be completely
ineffective against them so you're
better off just getting the minor
increasing melee damage and HP that you
get from having borens instead but we'll
see for now the priority has to be
getting that execution of Cannon Le Russ
out how far is he from getting it he
already can seems like he's saving up
for a ban blade variant which is
extremely risky the amount of build time
on that when he's on 132
VPS super risky Flo's Force off most the
force is down here going to get his
Scouts onto the VP Flo already has the
central and the natural right now
rotating the TFC with a heavy flamer
over heavy flamer of course made
complete destruction on the natural gen
Farm here for funny man to you this is
memory from funny man to you to go for a
super heavy tank at this point and it's
really unfortunate for him he's
literally down to 10 power income his
base income cuz he's lost both of these
contested power nodes he doesn't even
earn the
point we can see here the immunity to
knock back even from just the TFC never
mind the assault Terminator Squad
just makes sains completely
worthless and it's funny cuz if you save
the use your red like Orin will beat
Sluggers with a slugger knob if you save
the use your red until you're in melee
combat
so they're no slouches in melee they're
just really bad against things that are
not that
immune yeah going bulens now but this is
like what why this this is 30 power that
you needed for a ban plate I guess he's
realized oh [__] there's no time cuz
he's already below 80
VPS man what on
Earth he could have got these so long
ago execution of Leon into benss was the
obvious
player I think he just wanted the meme
option and then he realized yeah I don't
have the VPS by the time the bang blade
comes out it's going to be over location
secure enemy contct but I think it's
going to be over anyway at this
point let's have a look at what this
heavy flamer cleansing flame does to
buens I feel like that's only hitting it
was only hitting those three models at
the front it does do pretty substantial
damage doesn't it even to those High HP
low model squads
[Applause]
well you know what honestly the assault
Terminators with a storm shield and
thunderhammer is absolutely annihilated
no respect no
mercy just absolutely annihilated in the
emperor the roster of funny Manu there
damn I didn't expect it I feel like
funny man U's response was just totally
inadequate it is a zero cap game with
funny Manu about to get the natural of
flow ironically finally getting lman
Russ out
himself but Flo's going to take the
central VP just has to wait with his
Scouts then get the Decap if he gets the
Decap whilst having the cap then that
should basically be a win ooh go with
the Rocket run to save the day cuz that
was literally going to be the end of the
game right there the Scout's got that
cap these guys could same player though
the dev stairs aren't gone
yeah I thinking Captain the M cuz of
these heres but he's actually getting
his natural okay he's still in this
somehow the TFC is coming back out again
he's obviously going to go over and try
and Tango with those
bulgarians
and well trying to pull out all the
cards here fundament literally use all
of his red just to get the commissar
back over here but FL got the Decap so
now he just needs to Decap the other
natural look like the devs will force
off the L Coman nothing coming to
support them
yeah like I say fun to you is now out of
red so none of those Shenanigans ah he
even loses the commissar none of those
Shenanigans available too many more look
at the heavy flamer the heavy flam is
going to melt those
Guardsman yeah not
good yeah and then the TFC can deal with
the Guardsman the benss can be dealt
with by the
Terminators oh
dear look at that
when do you see thunder Hammer Storm
Shield Terminators do this well man it's
been a long time no one's mad enough
usually to fight them in
melee nobody kills three squads uh three
models of the buens there and the TFC is
going to be able to grab the point in
the middle the funny thing is somehow he
managed to take the VP over here my God
how is this game not closing out
Floy just needs to get something on one
of the other VPS the attacks are going
to the east I don't think these gsman
can cap with a TFC there surely
not execution lean Russ is this going to
be a dead Terminator
Squad oh causing more meley Terminators
what oh my God terrifying he's going to
keep the
natural yeah attack flam has even beat
the gsman over here again weird
positioning why are you here shooting
but I guess it doesn't matter he needed
to not win the trade but actually stop
the VP cap and unfortunately those
guysman couldn't do it so there you go
wow felt like that ending dragged out a
crazy duration of
time for what felt like it was Flo's wi
for quite a lot of time cool to see the
TFC putting in work that doesn't
surprise me at all shocked to see the
Terminator Assault Squad put in so much
work but really funny man to you kind of
fre by saving up for apparently like a
ban blade and then deciding at the last
minute when he needed about 40 power
more I'm going to spend 30 power on a bu
grins when it's like you could have got
a Leman Russ out ages ago and The Bu
grins ages
ago but you were saving up presumably
for a b blade I whatever cool to see
some IGN in smm I hope you appreciated
that one folks it's going to be all from
your boy top it this time I am signing
out
[Music]